# Expand

1. For the first point, the asynchronus nature of JavaScript may create uncertainty in the way the program preforms. It also may make a program hard to debug if there ends up being a alot of asynchronus calls in a peice of code, making it hard to update and maintain. For the second point, the loose typing might make it hard to keep track of the type of a specific variable. As explored in this lab, some operations can cause variables to be casted as numbers, strings, or other data types, which may lead to minor bugs and errors in code when not accounted for. For the third point, an issue that may arise from this is the differences in different web browsers that run the JavaScript, which can cause code to work in some places but not in others. There is also the issue of these platforms being updated constantly, which may cause a piece of JavaScript code to no longer function as expected.

2. I think that having JavaScript be loosely typed makes it a lot easier when dealing with different types all at once. For example, when asking for user input, it usually is taken in as a string. Therefore, if you can just compare it or use it as a number if the user inputs a number. Also, we can easily convert numbers to strings when needed as well. For the asynchronous features, I think the main purpose of this is so that multiple things can operate at once and we don't need to wait for a specific thing to finish running before something else gets run. Also, another purpose for this is when we need to make requests to different resources online. We may want the code to keep running while that request is made, therefore we would like to use an asynchronus request for this call.

3. The key differences between a compiled language and an interpreted one is the way the code gets read. For compiled languages, the code gets compiled directly by the machine itself into machine code. However, for an interpreted language, an interpreter is needed for the code to be run. JavaScript is an interpreted language, as the machine does not directly compile and run the JavaScript programs. A benefit to this is that JavaScript programs do not need to be compiled first to be run, therefore it can run immediately instead of being compiled first. One drawback to this is that interpreted languages run slower than compiled languages since it is the interpreter running it rather than the machine that runs the compiled machine code.

4. I think the main benefits of mastering vanilla JavaScript first is to get used to the differences in JavaScript versus other languages we have used before, and also to get a better understanding of why certain things are done in certain ways in JavaScript. However, a drawback to not learning a framework is that a lot of the code we write may already have been solved by a framework.

5. This lab relates to our project as it helped me understand some of the differences JavaScript has from other programming languages I have learned before, and some of the main features that JavaScript has to offer. One of the things I didn't really know about at first was the differences between `var` and `let` in JavaScript. Now after learning this in this lab, I can now more confidently approach my project and understand the code that others write, and confidently write good code as well.